Feature/java sdk (#59)
amadeus4dev/developer-guides: docs/sdks/java-sdk.md

# Java SDK

> Amadeus Java SDK for Self-service APIs is available as a `Maven` dependency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amadeus Java SDK for Self-service APIs is available as a `Maven` dependency,
```

> Amadeus Java SDK for Self-service APIs is available as a `Maven` dependency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amadeus Java SDK for the Self-Service APIs is available as a `Maven` dependency
```

> and Amadeus for Developers team is continuously updating with new APIs and features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which the Amadeus for Developers team is continuously updating as the new APIs and features get released.
```

You can refer to the [amadeus-java](https://github.com/amadeus4dev/amadeus-java) or [Amadeus maven dependency](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.amadeus/amadeus-java) for more details on the changelog.

## Installation

> The SDK can be installed easily in your favourite build system like `Maven` or `Gradle`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK can be easily installed using your preferred build automation tool, such as `Maven` or `Gradle`:
```

### Maven

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.amadeus</groupId>
  <artifactId>amadeus-java</artifactId>
  <version>6.3.0</version>
</dependency>
```

> ### Maven

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Gradle
```

The requirements to follow this tutorial include:

* Your favorite editor
* Java installed

> * A build system like `Maven`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A build automation tool, such as `Maven`
```

* Amadeus for Developers API key

Let's do something cool by calling one of our [Flight Search APIs](https://developers.amadeus.com) from your Java code.

> In order to help you, we have just created a small Maven skeleton ready to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help you get started, we have created a small Maven skeleton that is ready to use
```

> [here](https://github.com/amadeus4dev/amadeus-java-getting-started)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Let's create a class `FlightSearch.java` in the package `edu.amadeus.sdk` with the following content:

```java
package edu.amadeus.sdk;

import com.amadeus.Amadeus;
import com.amadeus.Params;

import com.amadeus.exceptions.ResponseException;

import com.amadeus.shopping.FlightDestinations;
import com.amadeus.resources.FlightDestination;

public class FlightSearch {
    public static void main(String[] args) throws ResponseException {
        Amadeus amadeus = Amadeus.builder(System.getenv()).build();

        Params params = Params.with("origin", "MAD");

        FlightDestination[] flightDestinations = amadeus.shopping.flightDestinations.get(params);

        if (flightDestinations[0].getResponse().getStatusCode() != 200) {
            System.out.println("Wrong status code for Flight Inspiration Search: " + flightDestinations[0].getResponse().getStatusCode());
            System.exit(-1);
        }

        System.out.println(flightDestinations[0]);
    }
}
```

> but before testing the example, export your credentials in your terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before testing the example, export your credentials in your terminal:
```

```bash
export AMADEUS_CLIENT_ID=YOUR_CLIENT_ID
export AMADEUS_CLIENT_SECRET=YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET
```

> Let's build and run the code to see that everything is working properly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's build and run the code to ensure that everything is working properly:
```

[INFO] --------------------------------[ jar ]---------------------------------
[INFO] 
[INFO] --- maven-resources-plugin:2.6:resources (default-resources) @ amadeus-java-getting-started ---
[INFO] Using 'UTF-8' encoding to copy filtered resources.
[INFO] Copying 1 resource
[INFO] 
[INFO] --- maven-compiler-plugin:3.8.1:compile (default-compile) @ amadeus-java-getting-started ---
[INFO] Changes detected - recompiling the module!
[INFO] Compiling 2 source files to /amadeus-java-getting-started/target/classes
[INFO] 
[INFO] --- exec-maven-plugin:3.0.0:java (default-cli) @ amadeus-java-getting-started ---
FlightDestination(type=flight-destination, origin=MAD, destination=OPO, departureDate=Mon Oct 03 00:00:00 CEST 2022, returnDate=Tue Oct 18 00:00:00 CEST 2022, price=FlightDestination.Price(total=41.81))
[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INFO] BUILD SUCCESS
[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INFO] Total time:  4.407 s
[INFO] Finished at: 2022-09-19T12:36:39+02:00
[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

> If you observe in the example, the main method, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you see in the example, the main method 
```

> instantiate an Amadeus object, taking the credentials from the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instantiates an Amadeus object, taking the credentials from the following
```

environment:

```java
Amadeus amadeus = Amadeus.builder(System.getenv()).build();
```

> In order to use the method `amadeus.shopping.flightDestinations.get()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use the method `amadeus.shopping.flightDestinations.get()`,
```

> you need to pass a `Params` object like the example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you need to pass a `Params` object as in the below example:
```

```java
Params params = Params.with("origin", "MAD");
FlightDestination[] flightDestinations = amadeus.shopping.flightDestinations.get(params);
```

The method `amadeus.shopping.flightDestinations.get()` will return an Array with the results:

```java
System.out.println(flightDestinations[0]);
```

> If you experimented with this example, and you understood

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you've tried out this example and know
```

> how to use the objects, you could review the [Javadocs](https://amadeus4dev.github.io/amadeus-java/) from this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
how to use the objects, you can review the [Javadocs](https://amadeus4dev.github.io/amadeus-java/) in this
```

> SDK and learn new ways to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDK and discover new ways to use it.
```
